Update manage-event-based-updates-windows-defender-antivirus.md (#3337)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-antivirus/manage-event-based-updates-windows-defender-antivirus.md

4. Expand the tree to **Windows components > Windows Defender Antivirus > Signature Updates** and configure the following:
    1. Double-click **Allow real-time definition updates based on reports to Microsoft MAPS** and set the option to **Enabled**. Click **OK**.
    2. Double-click **Allow notifications to disable definitions based reports to Microsoft MAPS** and set the option to **Enabled**. Click **OK**.
    
> [!NOTE]  

> > By allowing Microsoft to disable local Defender virus definitions, it has identified as causing false-positive detections, through the client's cloud connection to MAPS. You must configure your computer to join Microsoft MAPS for this functionality to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By allowing Microsoft to disable local Defender virus definitions, it has been identified as causing false-positive detections through the client's cloud connection to MAPS. You must configure your computer to join Microsoft MAPS for this functionality to work.
```
Maybe I have misunderstood the phrasing here, but this suggestion is based on how I interpret the sentence context.

> > By allowing Microsoft to disable local Defender virus definitions, it has been identified as causing false-positive detections through the client's cloud connection to MAPS. You must configure your computer to join Microsoft MAPS for this functionality to work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> "Allow notifications to disable definitions based reports" enables Microsoft MAPS to disable those definitions known to cause false-positive reports.  You must configure your computer to join Microsoft MAPS for this function to work.
```
